c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Writer.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Writer.pdb
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\obj\Debug\Writer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\obj\Debug\Writer.dll
c:\users\fidde\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\obj\Debug\Writer.pdb
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\DapperExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Raven.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Dapper.pdb
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\DapperExtensions.pdb
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Raven.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
C:\Users\Fidde\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Writer\Writer\bin\Raven.Client.Lightweight.xml
